go: go 
following: following 
created: created 
transcriber: transcribers 
spent: spent 
yo: yo 
baker: baker 
apple: apple 
suicidal: suicidal 
refers: refers 
south: south 
folk: folk 
pump: pump 
attraction: attraction 
nuys: nuys 
date: date 
traducciones: traducciones 
q: q 
hope: hope 
v: v 
recording: recording 
release: release 
portugu: portugu 
anything: anything 
crazy: crazy 
reuniting: reuniting 
want: want wants 
personal: personal 
twin: twin 
actual: actual 
would: would 
home: home 
satellite: satellite 
record: record 
stare: stare 
gut: gut 
type: type 
people: people 
june: june 
kobalt: kobalt 
icu: icu 
ocean: oceans 
serotonin: serotonin 
share: share 
traductions: traductions 
g: g 
line: lines 
mom: mom 
love: love 
tempting: tempting 
life: life lives 
remotely: remotely 
expand: expand 
high: high 
listening: listening 
laced: laced 
agreed: agreed 
eviri: eviri 
get: get 
sleeve: sleeve 
sing: sing 
begin: begins 
bridgers: bridgers 
e: es e 
self: self 
tag: tags 
slowcore: slowcore 
super: super 
sebastian: sebastian 
z: z 
somebody: somebody 
human: human 
landed: landed 
mind: mind 
pick: picks 
loud: loud 
hayley: hayley 
came: came 
always: always 
thinking: thinking 
brasil: brasil 
intrude: intrude 
interview: interview 
bold: bold 
reflection: reflection 
view: view 
aise: aise 
lucy: lucy 
biggest: biggest 
privacy: privacy 
dvd: dvd 
italic: italics 
u: us u 
ai: ais aises 
happy: happy 
awesome: awesome 
trilemma: trilemma 
right: right rights 
dacus: dacus 
tough: tough 
pop: pop 
header: headers 
information: information 
espa: espa 
guideline: guidelines 
person: person 
asking: asking 
distributor: distributor 
contributor: contributor 
addiction: addiction 
phoebe: phoebe 
even: even 
bowed: bowed 
sound: sound 
coming: coming 
part: parts part 
understand: understand 
read: read 
first: first 
w: w 
also: also 
fiddle: fiddle 
lee: lee 
songwriter: songwriter 
wanna: wanna 
italiana: italiana 
excuse: excuse 
em: em 
together: together 
chew: chew 
track: track 
know: know knows 
garden: garden 
country: country 
jumping: jumping 
turned: turned 
shit: shit 
believed: believed 
help: help 
find: finds 
credit: credits 
chorus: chorus 
musical: musical 
belief: belief 
sara: sara 
insight: insight 
closest: closest 
bass: bass 
saltine: saltines 
end: end 
flavoured: flavoured 
source: source 
control: control 
gruska: gruska 
term: terms 
felt: felt 
polskie: polskie 
magical: magical 
copyright: copyright 
r: r 
outro: outro 
knowledge: knowledge 
christian: christian 
wind: winds 
gonna: gonna 
verified: verified 
thing: things thing 
kid: kid 
predictably: predictably 
visit: visit 
decision: decisions 
sell: sell 
ninety: ninety 
shrine: shrine 
l: l 
search: search 
moment: moment 
clue: clue 
berg: berg 
sample: samples 
developer: developers 
tourist: tourist 
think: think 
al: al 
danger: danger 
mdma: mdma 
quickly: quickly 
nme: nme 
press: press 
almost: almost 
studio: studios studio 
acoustic: acoustic 
well: well 
excited: excited 
vocal: vocals 
shop: shop 
moon: moon 
steinberg: steinberg 
boygenius: boygenius 
led: led 
reflecting: reflecting 
going: going 
happens: happens 
laughing: laughing 
dead: dead 
banjo: banjo 
extent: extent 
realised: realised 
format: format 
section: section 
hard: hard 
ml: ml 
caring: caring 
performance: performance 
rk: rk 
post: post 
secretly: secretly 
bandmates: bandmates 
world: world 
title: title 
ol: ol 
yeah: yeah 
n: n 
nashville: nashville 
lyric: lyric lyrics 
holly: holly 
whitford: whitford 
th: th 
cheek: cheeks 
destructive: destructive 
j: j 
artist: artists 
theatre: theatre 
meaning: meaning 
fran: fran 
started: started 
elvis: elvis 
rebel: rebel 
embed: embed 
holding: holdings 
transcription: transcription 
job: jobs 
wish: wish 
answer: answer 
learn: learn 
left: left 
album: album 
couple: couple 
label: label 
version: version 
advertise: advertise 
commentary: commentary 
gone: gone 
italiane: italiane 
f: f 
others: others 
traduction: traduction 
keep: keep 
outside: outside 
finishing: finishing 
make: make 
individual: individual 
struggled: struggled 
kyoto: kyoto 
ultimate: ultimate 
fucking: fucking 
song: songs song 
hate: hates 
licensing: licensing 
could: could 
american: american 
music: music 
contact: contact 
therapy: therapy 
guitar: guitar 
ate: ate 
organ: organ 
collection: collection 
tradu: tradu 
walked: walked 
turn: turns 
italiano: italiano 
answered: answered 
nobody: nobody 
wonder: wonders 
located: located 
hot: hot 
traduzioni: traduzioni 
said: said 
umaczenia: umaczenia 
hardest: hardest 
menu: menu 
regarding: regarding 
annotation: annotation 
took: took 
mississippi: mississippi 
video: videos 
traducci: traducci 
p: p 
meditation: meditation 
complex: complex 
made: made 
add: add 
check: check 
sign: sign 
rest: rest 
come: come 
mile: miles 
via: via 
k: k 
might: might 
cupid: cupid 
savior: savior 
featured: featured 
comment: comment comments 
ticket: ticket 
hey: hey 
stereogum: stereogum 
ask: ask 
ballad: ballad 
kind: kind 
true: true 
shoe: shoes 
van: van 
around: around 
drop: drop 
wrote: wrote 
whatever: whatever 
alternative: alternative 
tony: tony 
meet: meet 
hutson: hutson 
longer: longer 
write: write 
trip: trip 
harrison: harrison 
rescue: rescue 
spring: springs 
lived: lived 
hang: hang 
ethan: ethan 
h: h 
ooh: ooh 
jun: jun 
stuff: stuff 
c: c 
strung: strung 
guide: guide 
hall: hall 
punisher: punisher 
rehab: rehab 
canadian: canadian 
watkins: watkins 
someday: someday 
different: different 
good: good 
publisher: publisher 
umaczenie: umaczenie 
bridge: bridge 
original: original 
promote: promote 
scholar: scholars 
forum: forum 
distinguish: distinguish 
presley: presley 
policy: policy 
verse: verse 
etc: etc 
peach: peaches 
someone: someone 
rush: rush 
homage: homage 
memphis: memphis 
graceland: graceland 
trying: trying 
traduzione: traduzione 
use: use 
fact: facts 
vocalist: vocalists 
ca: ca 
question: question 
like: like 
broken: broken 
text: text 
written: written 
translation: translations 
something: something 
polski: polski 
singer: singer 
genius: genius 
b: b 
recorded: recorded 
city: city 
knew: knew 
repeating: repeating 
ascap: ascap 
friend: friends 
guy: guys 
time: time 
x: x 
floor: floor 
writing: writing 
buy: buy 
halloween: halloween 
harmony: harmony 
direction: direction 
williams: williams 
julien: julien 
cover: covers 
chart: charts 
every: every 
everyone: everyone 
yelled: yelled 
cancel: cancel 
produced: produced 
llc: llc 
ran: ran 
chinese: chinese 
town: town 
really: really 
happen: happen 
finished: finished 
thought: thoughts 
without: without 
