go: go 
q: q 
deep: deep 
honey: honey 
track: track 
battered: battered 
way: way 
question: question 
created: created 
murder: murders 
verse: verse 
world: world 
line: lines 
scott: scott 
country: country 
know: know 
licensing: licensing 
tell: tell tells 
share: share 
transcriber: transcribers 
river: river 
b: b 
achilles: achilles 
company: company 
high: high 
rescue: rescue 
colder: colder 
visit: visit 
gonna: gonna 
search: search 
w: w 
squirt: squirt 
damned: damned 
uh: uh 
pringle: pringle 
round: rounds 
individual: individual 
contact: contact 
south: south 
comment: comments comment 
biggest: biggest 
knowledge: knowledge 
colton: colton 
sink: sinks 
shoulder: shoulder 
date: date 
llc: llc 
shop: shop 
g: g 
distinguish: distinguish 
bee: bee 
bold: bold 
blood: blood 
vocalist: vocalists 
wife: wife 
push: push 
son: son 
road: road 
stage: stage 
twin: twin 
format: format 
might: might 
view: view 
cancel: cancel 
valley: valley 
r: r 
verified: verified 
x: x 
drop: drop 
music: music 
advertise: advertise 
repeating: repeating 
guide: guide 
shirt: shirt 
travellin: travellin 
contributor: contributor 
annotation: annotation 
add: add 
part: parts part 
squeeze: squeeze 
three: three 
grim: grim 
bit: bit 
term: terms 
proud: proud 
flirt: flirt 
ml: ml 
lyric: lyric lyrics 
cellist: cellist 
queen: queen 
version: version 
genius: genius 
understand: understand 
april: april 
see: see 
v: v 
e: e 
check: check 
tear: tear 
bluegrass: bluegrass 
fact: facts 
even: even 
personal: personal 
smell: smells 
italic: italics 
misspells: misspells 
coming: coming 
different: different 
man: man 
transcription: transcription 
f: f 
cheating: cheating 
brass: brass 
c: c 
little: little 
produced: produced 
j: j 
credit: credits 
danny: danny 
stoked: stoked 
use: use 
u: us u 
promote: promote 
bastard: bastard 
scholar: scholars 
section: section 
shove: shove 
chorus: chorus 
information: information 
head: head 
expand: expand 
told: told 
dead: dead 
video: videos 
developer: developers 
forum: forum 
tree: tree 
ultimate: ultimate 
cupid: cupid 
type: type 
shed: shed 
love: love 
song: song songs 
copyright: copyright 
ballad: ballad 
chart: charts 
count: count 
hot: hot 
source: source 
broken: broken 
long: long 
outro: outro 
tag: tags 
learn: learn 
recap: recap 
life: life 
h: h 
gone: gone 
always: always 
crawford: crawford 
lord: lord 
written: written 
sound: sounds 
knee: knees 
policy: policy 
also: also 
janowski: janowski 
super: super 
n: n 
hang: hang 
folk: folk 
sell: sell 
oh: oh 
release: release 
kenyon: kenyon 
header: headers 
bruised: bruised 
bed: bed 
ask: ask 
l: l 
home: home 
press: press 
peach: peaches 
sign: sign 
holding: holdings 
hell: hell 
knock: knocks 
knife: knife 
etc: etc 
embed: embed 
red: red 
odyssey: odyssey 
stuffed: stuffed 
musical: musical 
artist: artists 
privacy: privacy 
nate: nate 
featured: featured 
hurt: hurt 
hilt: hilts 
insight: insight 
manly: manly 
crawdaddy: crawdaddy 
z: z 
banjo: banjo 
good: good 
k: k 
bell: bells 
like: like 
collection: collection 
guideline: guidelines 
babe: babe 
job: jobs 
p: p 
messed: messed 
disgusted: disgusted 
