guideline: guidelines 
tic: tic 
else: else 
k: k 
woman: woman women 
rooster: rooster 
straight: straight 
ah: ah 
go: go 
might: might 
man: man 
contributor: contributor 
cupid: cupid 
post: post 
invitation: invitations 
featured: featured 
verbatim: verbatim 
even: even 
pose: pose 
bone: bones 
comment: comment comments 
created: created 
world: world 
transcriber: transcribers 
part: parts part 
eh: eh 
understand: understand 
told: told 
yeah: yeah 
n: n 
w: w 
ask: ask 
also: also 
lyric: lyric lyrics 
ever: ever 
howard: howard 
day: day 
j: j 
morning: morning 
artist: artists 
folk: folk 
laugh: laugh 
thought: thought 
drop: drop 
strike: strike 
wind: wind 
past: past 
track: track 
alternative: alternative 
walking: walking 
smokestack: smokestack 
redekopp: redekopp 
love: loves love 
country: country 
steak: steak 
length: length 
embed: embed 
holding: holdings 
transcription: transcription 
job: jobs 
attack: attack 
rescue: rescue 
dirty: dirty 
learn: learn 
naked: naked 
guldemond: guldemond 
date: date 
credit: credits 
canada: canada 
h: h 
chorus: chorus 
q: q 
wear: wear 
ugh: ugh 
rap: rap 
musical: musical 
c: c 
label: label 
v: v 
insight: insight 
guide: guide 
need: need 
recording: recording 
u: u us 
release: release 
anything: anything 
pete: pete 
baby: babies 
mamma: mamma 
creelman: creelman 
record: records 
version: version 
fat: fat 
advertise: advertise 
personal: personal 
oh: oh 
intro: intro 
fuck: fuck 
different: different 
twin: twin 
phallic: phallic 
source: source 
act: act 
queer: queer 
dying: dying 
ryan: ryan 
f: f 
home: home 
brief: brief briefs 
mirror: mirror 
bridge: bridge 
promote: promote 
anyways: anyways 
twelve: twelve 
ana: ana 
boxer: boxer 
scholar: scholars 
forum: forum 
type: type 
ye: ye 
people: people 
underwear: underwear 
term: terms 
elated: elated 
guy: guy 
cock: cock 
distinguish: distinguish 
copyright: copyright 
r: r 
outro: outro 
e: e 
knowledge: knowledge 
gang: gang 
gonna: gonna 
verified: verified 
uh: uh 
humble: humble 
policy: policy 
tender: tender 
share: share 
eddy: eddy 
verse: verse 
etc: etc 
visit: visit 
hand: hands 
individual: individual 
sell: sell 
strong: strong 
defines: defines 
line: lines 
g: g 
peach: peaches 
getting: getting 
sea: sea 
rock: rock 
ultimate: ultimate 
l: l 
search: search 
tell: tell 
age: age 
use: use 
lady: lady 
expand: expand 
lgbtq: lgbtq 
fact: facts 
heart: heart 
molly: molly 
vocalist: vocalists 
song: songs song 
mon: mon 
near: near 
incinerator: incinerator 
question: question 
shakin: shakin 
live: live 
listless: listless 
like: like 
cap: cap 
licensing: licensing 
broken: broken 
make: makes 
debra: debra 
sake: sake 
developer: developers 
written: written 
toc: toc 
slap: slap 
music: music 
tag: tags 
contact: contact 
hospital: hospital 
big: big 
z: z 
window: windows 
think: think 
february: february 
genius: genius 
b: b 
repeating: repeating 
libido: libido 
nah: nah 
cross: cross 
care: cares care 
ball: ball 
collection: collection 
press: press 
x: x 
full: full 
always: always 
stroke: stroke 
bold: bold 
train: train 
view: view 
kid: kids 
hot: hot 
die: die 
polynesia: polynesia 
vocal: vocals 
shop: shop 
biggest: biggest 
chart: charts 
truth: truth 
every: every 
privacy: privacy 
annotation: annotation 
masculine: masculine 
italic: italics 
neighbour: neighbour 
going: going 
yabo: yabo 
cancel: cancel 
produced: produced 
angry: angry 
feminine: feminine 
llc: llc 
video: videos 
leg: legs 
sickly: sickly 
cardiac: cardiac 
p: p 
add: add 
check: check 
mother: mother 
sign: sign 
symbol: symbol 
town: town 
format: format 
jean: jean 
section: section 
really: really 
hard: hard 
pop: pop 
little: little 
last: last 
shake: shakes 
ml: ml 
header: headers 
see: see 
information: information 
ounce: ounce 
